[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: But here's something cool
because this is just a regular arguments
list, we don't actually need
to add that on to the array,
we can just literally put
the value 42 right there.
We don't even need to modify the array,
just say 42, dot dot dot args.
>> Kyle Simpson: I think that's a whole
lot more declarative form as opposed to
the imperative form over on the left.
What we mean by the difference
between declarative and
imperative is this specifically,
don't miss this.
The difference between declarative and
imperative is that imperative includes
all of the implementation details of how.
But most of those
implementation details of how
are not the things that the programmer
should have to think about at that moment.
So what we're doing is
taking those details,
abstracting them away into
the engine inside of a feature so
that what's left is the stuff
that we should focus on.
How many of you have heard before that the
purpose of abstraction is to hide details,
anybody heard that?
That's probably how you would describe and
I don't agree.
Abstraction is not about hiding things.
If you go back to the original definition
of when the idea of abstraction was
created, what were they trying
to do with abstraction,
they're not trying to hide stuff,
they're not trying to create black boxes.
You know what the purpose
of abstraction is?
Focus.
The purpose of abstraction is to take
two things that are interwoven together,
and by interwoven together, it makes it
hard to reason about either one of them.
To separate the two, so that each
one can be individually focused on,
depending on what you need to focus on.
So what we're doing is we're taking
the thing that's gonna happen and
the how to do it and teasing those
two apart with a declarative form.
Meaning that we can focus on
the stuff that actually matters.
In this case, what matters is that we want
to add 42 on as the first argument and
pass everything else along.
That's the thing that matters.
All the other code over there was just
a distraction to get us to that point.
So the declarative form here
helps us to make more reasonable,
understandable and readable code.
It removes the details
that distract the reader.
Are you following me?
And that's the narrative
we wanna be looking for,
every feature you look at an ES6.
There's a thousand other features in the
language that I'm not talking about today.
Whatever choice you use of features or
whatever,
I want you to evaluate it based upon that.
Is it helping me to
communicate more clearly?
Sometimes that will be that we create
shorter code like we're doing here.
But there will be times
when the most communicative
ES6 code is actually
longer than the other one.
So it's not about saving characters,
it's about communicating more clearly.
>> Speaker 2: So you said args is
a keyword here, it's a new keyword?
>> Kyle Simpson: No, no, no.
The dot dot dot is an operator.
Here, I can call this whatever I want.
I can call it foo, I mean,
bar if I want to, for example.
Doesn't matter what.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, yeah, thanks.
>> Kyle Simpson: I have to
call it [INAUDIBLE] I guess.
All right.
Yeah, I just by my convention,
I use args, some people used to use rest
cuz they like the rest operator usage.
The dot dot dot gathers up everything
that's not already accounted for, so
if we had already accounted for
say one of the arguments
with the named parameter, dot dot dot
args is gonna be everything else.
Not including the thing
that's accounted for by x.
Okay?
So this would have
the effect of essentially
throwing away whatever the first
thing was that we passed in.
And replacing it with 42.
You see how I did that?
If I did the equivalent,
I'm not gonna waste your time on it but
if I did the equivalent, I need to do
a slice and slice off the first one and
then pass in a new one or whatever.
It's just it's syntactically done for us.
Throwing away the parameter
x that we don't care about.
Question was can we have
default params with gather?
So you can do defaults here, of course,
you can do defaults there all you want.
I think it makes complete sense that we
ought to be able to default that args
array to something like for
example, 1, 2, 3.
It's not included in the language, and
when I asked them, can we add that,
they're like you're a bad person for
asking that so stop asking.
Which is why I don't participate
in the spec close anymore cuz
every time I come to them with an idea,
they shoot me down.
So I don't know why we can't
have default values on the.
>> Speaker 3: The question
was a little bit different.
>> Kyle Simpson: Was it?
Sorry.
>> Speaker 3: They're asking if the dot
dot args can be used as a default value.
>> Kyle Simpson: No, sorry no, so
the question was can I say something
like y = dot dot dot args?
So you have to think about
it in that particular case.
We are back to a value semantic,
not an assignment semantic, so
we're back on the value
side of the equation.
So dot dot dot would actually
be spreading out the array.
So technically,
you could do something like dot dot dot x.
No, that won't work, never mind,
you can't spread out in a non-comma list,
forget I said that.
So no, you can't use it like that.
Sorry.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay.
>> Speaker 4: I have a question.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yes, sorry?
>> Speaker 4: Can you spread
the keyword arguments or
does it have to be an actual array?
>> Kyle Simpson: There
is a proposed feature.
So arguments is an object, and
we can't use the dot dot dot operator by
default against regular objects right now.
There is a proposal that is now,
I think, stage two.
To add the dot dot dot operator,
both gathering and
spreading to objects, as well.
It's not in the spec yet, but
it's working its way through the process.
So sometime over the next year or
whatever.
We'll probably see that land.
>> Speaker 5: So
they would be array-like objects?
Or objects in general.
I guess I don't know how that would
work with a plain object structure?
>> Kyle Simpson: Well, depends on which
line of code you're talking about.
If you're talking about line one or
talking about line two.
>> Speaker 5: I'm talking about spreads,
the line two.
>> Kyle Simpson: So,
if I had the ability to spread and
I did this, there's no more object at all.
What's getting passed along is the
individual values in the arguments object.
>> Speaker 5: My question was, can you
apply the spread operator to arguments?
Because arguments isn't an array,
it's a array-like object.
>> Kyle Simpson: Well not yet, but when
this lands in a year, or whatever however
long it takes to finish, you will
be able to do dot dot dot argument.
>> Speaker 5: So I must have missed it,
is it already approved or is it still-
>> Kyle Simpson: It's a stage two.
>> Speaker 5: Okay.
>> Kyle Simpson: First four stages,
actually five stages and
it's at stage two, so
it's working its way through.
There's I'd say, a better than 50% chance
that will land but we don't know when.
>> Kyle Simpson: One of the complications
there just because you're asking.
One of the complications there, spreading
out an object is not such a big deal
cuz you can think conceptually or
just loop over all of its properties,
but then there's questions like,
does that include only owned properties?
Or what about properties that
are delegated in the prototype, should it,
by default, give all of them?
But really the gather is
the question with objects,
what does it mean to gather a bunch of
values in, how do we figure out what
the property names ought to be
when we gather into an object?
So there's some weirdness that
they're trying to work out but
I think it's got a pretty decent
chance of eventually landing.